Libraries/intermediate files can be JSON
Can read settings from a local file, a system wide file or a file specified on the command line
Have option to change JR to JP if out of range
Make sure error messages are actually useful

Compile all the file into a list of compiled objects.
Create a map of symbols
Calculate symbol values
Throw error if symbol values can't be caluclated (circular refs, etc)


Below, 'more' cannot be calculated.

start:
    jp more
    ds more-start
more:
    ret

Are there any other instructions or directives which change the size of the data? Maybe only a ds directive needs to disallow forward references — so calculate its size as we go. Although a later 'equ' would be valid:

start:
    jp more
    ds size
more:
    ret
size: equ 100

----------------------
How compilation works

1. parse
2. getSymbols
3. expandMacros
4. assignPCandEQU
5. evaluateSymbols
6. updateBytes

1. parse

This uses the pegjs grammar to produce an abstract syntax tree.
(It's not a tree).
There are several types of objects which are created, which can
be detected by seeing if each of the following attributes is
truthy on the object:
* label
    The value of 'label' is the name of the label
* block
    The start of a block. No other attributes to start with.
    Later, prefix is added.
* endblock
    The endof a block. No other attributes to start with.
    Later, prefix is added. (Is it needed?)
* macrodef
    The value of 'macrodef' is the name of the macro.
    Also has args, which is an array of strings.
* endmacro
    The end of a macro definition. Is also added later to mark
    the end of an expanded macro.
* macrocall
    The value of 'macrocall' is the name of the macro to call.
    Has params, which is an array of parameter values, which
    may be number, strings, or expressions.
* equ
    The value of 'equ' is a number or an expression. The value
    is assigned to all immediately preceding labels (later).
* bytes (an instruction)
    A Z80 instruction has a bytes array, which contains the
    bytes to store in memory. If there are expressions to evaluate,
    they are in place of a byte. If it's an 8 bit value it takes
    up a single space, if it's a 16 bit value it is followed by 
    a null. e.g. [1, 2, {expression: 'a + b'}, null]

2. getSymbols

This gets a map of symbols and macros, and updates the ast so that
block, endblock, macrodef and endmacro elements have prefix
attributes, and updates label names to have appropriate prefixes.

If a label is inside a block then it is assigned a prefix. The
first block gets the prefix '%0_', so a variable in that block
might be '%0_one'. If there is a nested block, it gets the prefix
'%1_%0_'. The block numbers keep increasing, so another subsequent
nested block at the same level might be '%2_%0_', and a later
top level block would then be '%3_'. This is so that block scoped
variables will have unique names.

TODO:
A macro's args are effectively local equs, so they should create
symbol table entries with the macro's prefix, at the time that the 
macro is expanded. Does this mean that the macro should be expanded
before we get symbols? I think so.

3. expandMacros

Wherever a macrocall element is found, the expanded attribute is
added to it, and the macro's ast content is inserted after the
macrocall. The endmacro element is added after this.

TODO:
Should we add a block and endblock entry here, and a bunch of equs,
so that the rest of the code works the same? It wouldn't be so neat
though.
